clarify the `name` property needs to match between JS and PHP (#48219)
woocommerce/woocommerce: plugins/woocommerce-blocks/docs/third-party-developers/extensibility/checkout-payment-methods/payment-method-integration.md

In your class:

> -   Define a `name` property (it is important to use the same name as in your js payment registration, see above `my_payment_method`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Define a `name` property (This property is a string used to reference your payment method. It is important to use the same name as in your client-side JavaScript payment method registration, see `name: 'my_payment_method'` in the options object above).
```
